How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    By viewing the before and after, the change or difference was clear

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    Understanding the history of changes helps to understand the evolution of
    the version

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    Pro:  allows you to save after you have completed all the changes that
    you wanted to make
    Cons: you risk introducing tomany changes at a time and it becomes more
    difficult which change may have impacted the version negatively

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Again, committing to making too many changes at one time makes it more
    difficult to isolate the change the negatively impacted the version

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    git log captures the history of changes to a version/branch and git diff
    presents the differences between two versions

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    Increases confidence to try making changes that may be out of my 
    comfort zone knowing that the risk is minimized by having a working version
    that I can return to easily

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    Python program development

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    You can go back to earlier versions and implement more efficient or
    effective code.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    Git Log provides complete history of changes and highlights each commit
    Git diff compares specific commits

